Specific Cultures .NET Framework 1.1

Culture    English Name                                            Parent Culture
---------- ------------------------------------------------------- --------------
af-ZA      Afrikaans (South Africa)                                af
ar-AE      Arabic (U.A.E.)                                         ar
ar-BH      Arabic (Bahrain)                                        ar
ar-DZ      Arabic (Algeria)                                        ar
ar-EG      Arabic (Egypt)                                          ar
ar-IQ      Arabic (Iraq)                                           ar
ar-JO      Arabic (Jordan)                                         ar
ar-KW      Arabic (Kuwait)                                         ar
ar-LB      Arabic (Lebanon)                                        ar
ar-LY      Arabic (Libya)                                          ar
ar-MA      Arabic (Morocco)                                        ar
ar-OM      Arabic (Oman)                                           ar
ar-QA      Arabic (Qatar)                                          ar
ar-SA      Arabic (Saudi Arabia)                                   ar
ar-SY      Arabic (Syria)                                          ar
ar-TN      Arabic (Tunisia)                                        ar
ar-YE      Arabic (Yemen)                                          ar
az-AZ-Cyrl Azeri (Cyrillic) (Azerbaijan)                           az
az-AZ-Latn Azeri (Latin) (Azerbaijan)                              az
be-BY      Belarusian (Belarus)                                    be
bg-BG      Bulgarian (Bulgaria)                                    bg
ca-ES      Catalan (Catalan)                                       ca
cs-CZ      Czech (Czech Republic)                                  cs
da-DK      Danish (Denmark)                                        da
de-AT      German (Austria)                                        de
de-CH      German (Switzerland)                                    de
de-DE      German (Germany)                                        de
de-LI      German (Liechtenstein)                                  de
de-LU      German (Luxembourg)                                     de
div-MV     Divehi (Maldives)                                       div
el-GR      Greek (Greece)                                          el
en-AU      English (Australia)                                     en
en-BZ      English (Belize)                                        en
en-CA      English (Canada)                                        en
en-CB      English (Caribbean)                                     en
en-GB      English (United Kingdom)                                en
en-IE      English (Ireland)                                       en
en-JM      English (Jamaica)                                       en
en-NZ      English (New Zealand)                                   en
en-PH      English (Republic of the Philippines)                   en
en-TT      English (Trinidad and Tobago)                           en
en-US      English (United States)                                 en
en-ZA      English (South Africa)                                  en
en-ZW      English (Zimbabwe)                                      en
es-AR      Spanish (Argentina)                                     es
es-BO      Spanish (Bolivia)                                       es
es-CL      Spanish (Chile)                                         es
es-CO      Spanish (Colombia)                                      es
es-CR      Spanish (Costa Rica)                                    es
es-DO      Spanish (Dominican Republic)                            es
es-EC      Spanish (Ecuador)                                       es
es-ES      Spanish (Spain)                                         es
es-GT      Spanish (Guatemala)                                     es
es-HN      Spanish (Honduras)                                      es
es-MX      Spanish (Mexico)                                        es
es-NI      Spanish (Nicaragua)                                     es
es-PA      Spanish (Panama)                                        es
es-PE      Spanish (Peru)                                          es
es-PR      Spanish (Puerto Rico)                                   es
es-PY      Spanish (Paraguay)                                      es
es-SV      Spanish (El Salvador)                                   es
es-UY      Spanish (Uruguay)                                       es
es-VE      Spanish (Venezuela)                                     es
et-EE      Estonian (Estonia)                                      et
eu-ES      Basque (Basque)                                         eu
fa-IR      Farsi (Iran)                                            fa
fi-FI      Finnish (Finland)                                       fi
fo-FO      Faroese (Faroe Islands)                                 fo
fr-BE      French (Belgium)                                        fr
fr-CA      French (Canada)                                         fr
fr-CH      French (Switzerland)                                    fr
fr-FR      French (France)                                         fr
fr-LU      French (Luxembourg)                                     fr
fr-MC      French (Principality of Monaco)                         fr
gl-ES      Galician (Galician)                                     gl
gu-IN      Gujarati (India)                                        gu
he-IL      Hebrew (Israel)                                         he
hi-IN      Hindi (India)                                           hi
hr-HR      Croatian (Croatia)                                      hr
hu-HU      Hungarian (Hungary)                                     hu
hy-AM      Armenian (Armenia)                                      hy
id-ID      Indonesian (Indonesia)                                  id
is-IS      Icelandic (Iceland)                                     is
it-CH      Italian (Switzerland)                                   it
it-IT      Italian (Italy)                                         it
ja-JP      Japanese (Japan)                                        ja
ka-GE      Georgian (Georgia)                                      ka
kk-KZ      Kazakh (Kazakhstan)                                     kk
kn-IN      Kannada (India)                                         kn
ko-KR      Korean (Korea)                                          ko
kok-IN     Konkani (India)                                         kok
ky-KZ      Kyrgyz (Kyrgyzstan)                                     ky
lt-LT      Lithuanian (Lithuania)                                  lt
lv-LV      Latvian (Latvia)                                        lv
mk-MK      FYRO Macedonian (Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia) mk
mn-MN      Mongolian (Mongolia)                                    mn
mr-IN      Marathi (India)                                         mr
ms-BN      Malay (Brunei Darussalam)                               ms
ms-MY      Malay (Malaysia)                                        ms
nb-NO      Norwegian (Bokmål) (Norway)                             no
nl-BE      Dutch (Belgium)                                         nl
nl-NL      Dutch (Netherlands)                                     nl
nn-NO      Norwegian (Nynorsk) (Norway)                            no
pa-IN      Punjabi (India)                                         pa
pl-PL      Polish (Poland)                                         pl
pt-BR      Portuguese (Brazil)                                     pt
pt-PT      Portuguese (Portugal)                                   pt
ro-RO      Romanian (Romania)                                      ro
ru-RU      Russian (Russia)                                        ru
sa-IN      Sanskrit (India)                                        sa
sk-SK      Slovak (Slovakia)                                       sk
sl-SI      Slovenian (Slovenia)                                    sl
sq-AL      Albanian (Albania)                                      sq
sr-SP-Cyrl Serbian (Cyrillic) (Serbia)                             hr
sr-SP-Latn Serbian (Latin) (Serbia)                                hr
sv-FI      Swedish (Finland)                                       sv
sv-SE      Swedish (Sweden)                                        sv
sw-KE      Swahili (Kenya)                                         sw
syr-SY     Syriac (Syria)                                          syr
ta-IN      Tamil (India)                                           ta
te-IN      Telugu (India)                                          te
th-TH      Thai (Thailand)                                         th
tr-TR      Turkish (Turkey)                                        tr
tt-RU      Tatar (Russia)                                          tt
uk-UA      Ukrainian (Ukraine)                                     uk
ur-PK      Urdu (Islamic Republic of Pakistan)                     ur
uz-UZ-Cyrl Uzbek (Cyrillic) (Uzbekistan)                           uz
uz-UZ-Latn Uzbek (Latin) (Uzbekistan)                              uz
vi-VN      Vietnamese (Viet Nam)                                   vi
zh-CN      Chinese (People's Republic of China)                    zh-CHS
zh-HK      Chinese (Hong Kong S.A.R.)                              zh-CHT
zh-MO      Chinese (Macau S.A.R.)                                  zh-CHS
zh-SG      Chinese (Singapore)                                     zh-CHS
zh-TW      Chinese (Taiwan)                                        zh-CHT
